
Story from drover's perspective.

| Who is the main character           | The drover                                                                                                           |
| :---------------------------------- | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| What do they want                   | They want to feel like they are powerful and look good in front of the townsfolk.                                    |
| What stands in their way            | He feels like his wife isnt womanly enough and acts too much like a man. It makes him look like less of a man.&nbsp; |
| What key even will push them to act | He will try and force her to move into town but molly wont want to.&nbsp;                                            |
| What is the climax of the story     | They have a fight, the drover tries to kill molly with a bottle and molly shoot him                                  |
| How will it end                     | Molly will slump down next to the fire and to like, a 1000 yard stare.&nbsp;                                         |








She was writhing like a sheep trampled by the hoard. He took a swig of his bourbon, admiring his work, and towering over him. He was as tall as a really tall tree. He hated when she acted that way, as if she was anything without him. 

"When will ya learn yer lesson you skank bitch!" he shouted.

Slumping against a log near the fire, he stared at his half eaten dinner plate. How could such a good woman dare defy him. He gritted his teeth together, thinking of all the things that she could have gotten away with while he was gone. 

He had given her what she wanted; Children, income, housing, shit she even had her own gun. It made him sick to his core how spoiled he had let her become. 

The plate flew into the fire, like a porcelain plate shaped disk with food on it. 

"cmon gurl, we got places to be headin'" he muttered as his the horses nostrils flared. 

The empty landscape would have deafened him if it hadn't been for the sound of his horses hooves on the dry and hardened terrain. Vapors radiated from the nostrils of himself and his steed as the starlight pieced through the gaps in the clouds. 

"Any one of my girls could make you scream I guarantee. 15 dollars and they'll make you see heaven" the man preached to group. "Surley one of rugged men would like some company on a cold night like this"

"I'm a bigger man" the drover commented as he approached. Parking his horse he turned his head to look the pimp in the eyes. "I think i ought to have two of em'" he said grinning.

"Heh", the pimp chuckled, "I see Molly Jhonson's wife is keen for a go. Better make sure she doesn't take your allowance when she hears of this. Or better yet them darn children."

"Mind your own business. I catch you speaking that way about me and ill shoot you where you stand then bury you where you fall"

"Whatever you say boy"



