### Claim
In the future, nuclear energy is the best possible energy source for Australia.
### Developing Research question
#### Comparing Energy Sources
**Talk about Australia net zero goal.** 
Clearly in the future, green energy is going to be Australia's main energy source. Fossil fuel sources are being phased out so there is no use mentioning them. 

Nuclear will be compared to existing green energy sources.
**Which energy source?**
- Solar (PV)
- Hydro
- Wind
- Biomass 
- Biogas

https://www.energy.gov.au/energy-data/australian-energy-statistics/renewables
Some of these , such as hydroelectric energy, do not directly compete with Nuclear energy. Scope of comparison should be limited to the most abundant energy sources that directly compete with nuclear.
From 2022-2023, the amount of energy generated from these has been 
- Solar (PV)
	- 27.3% share
	- 27% 10 year avg annual growth
- Wind
	- 20.4% share
	- 14.7% 10 year avg annual growth
- Biomass
	- 32% share
	- -0.4% 10 year average annual growth. 
	Biomass energy is produced by burning waste products from, among others,  agricultural and lumber adjacent industries. Due to this, biomass derived energy can only expand at the rate of waste generated by these industries. Furthermore, nuclear energy is not a replacement for biomass derived energy as waste products will accumulate either way. Therefore it will be considered adjacent to other energy generation industries, such as hydro, and is unsuitable for direct comparison. 
	https://www.eia.gov/energyexplained/biomass/
	https://powerzone.clarkpublicutilities.com/learn-about-renewable-energy/biomass-energy/

Currently, solar energy is Australia's most abundant and fastest growing renewable energy source. Therefore it will be the basis of this comparison. 

#### What does 'best' mean. 

- Sustainability
	- Environment
		- Waste Disposal
	- Cost
		- Setup Costs
		- Maintenance costs
		- Demolition costs
	- Scalability
		- Infrastructure development time
		- Resource availability
		- Land usage
- Reliability

##### Cost
Energy generation requires investment at many stages during a piece of infrastructures life cycle. For a technology to be competitive, it's initial capital requirements must be low enough for the risk of construction to be deemed acceptable. Furthermore, its operational costs must be low enough for it to offer reasonable pricing to consumers.
The cost per unit of energy produced should be considered as cost of living is already a major issue in some parts of Australia. High infrastructure establishment and operating costs will translate to higher prices for consumers.  
https://www.skynews.com.au/business/energy/australian-households-continue-to-financially-struggle-to-pay-off-their-energy-bills-as-the-costofliving-crisis-worsens/news-story/854599def1031ade38b3b42247f5452e
##### Reliability
Reliability is one of the most important factors in energy generation. Critical sectors like healthcare and agriculture rely heavily on the grid, not to mention the millions of Australians who have improved quality of life because of it. If one technology demonstrates a increased reliability, this is a significant advantage.
##### Scalability
In order for a power generation technology to be competitive, it must have the ability to scale quickly and at reasonable cost. Australia urgently needs to scale carbon neutral energy to meet demand if it is to reach its target of net zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2050. 
https://www.dcceew.gov.au/climate-change/emissions-reduction/net-zero

### Research question
Is Nuclear energy more sustainable than Solar PV in terms of cost, reliability and scalability.
### Body
#### Cost 
##### LCOE (Levelised Cost of Electricity)
Initiating construction of electrical generation infrastructure is a capital intensive process. The money spent during construction and operation must be lower than the total revenue generated by the infrastructure, as well as additional profit margins, over its lifespan in order for it to be viable.
Since the sum of these costs are recuperated over the lifespan of the infrastructure, comparing them against the sum of energy the power plant will generate allows an average cost per unit of energy. This is known as the LCOE (Levelised Cost of Electricity) for that installation, and is usually measured in Watts per dollar ($W/\$$)


The CSIRO's GenCost report calculated, and predicted LCOE's for a number of technologies from the years 2024, to 2050, allowing for direct comparison of said technologies.

Clearly solar PV demonstrates the lowest LOCE. While the gap between solar PV and nuclear facilities is predicted to get close, solar is consistently predicted to be the cheapest option.

##### Capital costs
This is likely due to higher capital, or setup, costs for nuclear options. 
The U.S Department of energy's "Capital Cost Estimates For Utility Scale Electricity Generating Plants" further breaks down these capital costs. The largest cost contributors for a 2234 $MW$ mechanical and electrical system procurement and construction, which account for $\approx 47\%$ capital costs. Financing was estimated to increase capital cost by $\approx 30\%$ due to the large, and long term loans required for construction. The cost of large scale nuclear in Australia is currently predicted to be $\approx \$9000/kW$ in capacity, and is expected to be as low as $\approx \$ 8000 /kW$ by 2050.

The cost of uranium fuel in America was 0.46 cents/$kWh$ in 2021. Australia is one of the largest uranium producing countries in the world, so acquiring fuel locally should hypothetically decrease this cost further. It is unlikely this will decrease LOCE significantly though. The cost of fuel is a minor contributor to cost in comparison to startup. It is estimated that $60\%$ of LOCE is attributed to capital costs.  


The largest costs in solar PV systems are the mechanical and electrical systems and equipment. The procurement and instillation of these components account for $\approx 80\%$ of capital costs. 
Solar PV installations are generally less expensive, and take less time to construct. This translates to lower financing fees, and therefore a lower LOCE. The current capital cost of large scale solar PV in Australia is $\approx\$1500/kW$, and is expected to be $\approx \$700/kW$ by 2050. 

Solar PV's 'fuel' is sunlight, which is a free resource. While land usage scales with capacity, solar PV installations generally are have lower owner costs with respect to the total cost of the installation. Owner costs cover development, property, and other miscellaneous factors.
https://world-nuclear.org/information-library/country-profiles/countries-a-f/australia
















#### Reliability
*What is reliability?*
Reliability is defined as "The ability of a system or device to carry out it's desired function under predefined circumstances for a certain amount of time" by the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers.
Availability is also a key factor in assessing a systems reliability. It is expressed as a fraction that describes a component or systems operating time in respect to its total lifetime.
$$\textrm{Availability} (A) = \frac{\textrm{Mean time to failure}}{\textrm {Mean time to failure + Mean downtime}}$$
Where:
- Mean time to failure is the amount of time the system operates for on average before a failure occurs
- Mean downtime is the time it takes for operations to resume after a failure occurs. 
[[AAES42023083_R2最终确定版.pdf]]


Components such as batteries, battery management systems, inverters, and panels degrade over their lifespans due to factors such as temperature, humidity, and solar radiation. Components and systems are arranged in both parallel and series arrangements throughout the infrastructure. Therefore, the impact of  a single component failing can have consequences raging from imperceptible to catastrophic.  

Availability and Performance Loss Factors for U.S. PV Fleet Systems by Chris Deline et al. considered availability data from large scale systems up to $\approx$ 10 $MW$. Figure X suggests the median availability (P50) decreases as system capacity grows. Even as the system capacity surpassed 10 $MW$ median availability remained at $\approx 98\%$. 

##### Limitations



"Availability factor of a PV power plant: evaluation based on generation and inverter running periods" by Kumar, N. M., et al. considered inverter uptime in a 1000 $kW$ plant. 

The main contributor to the lowering availability was the inverter modules, which were estimated to be only $\approx 80\%$ available in a 2500 $kW$ system. However, often there are many inverters operating in parallel, and the "Plug and play" nature of these components allow repairs to be completed quickly with minimal tools. This is also the case with many other less integral components, which resulted in minimal impact on reliability. 



##### Limitations
System availability is affected by all components in the series from the PV modules to the grid. While considering a single component alone, the entire system's availability cannot be propperly guaged 

In the time period 2015-2016 the average availability of all inverters was $92.44\%$. This correlates strongly with the findings of the previously mentioned study. 



##### Limitations



Nuclear infrastructure faces many of the same challenges in reliability and longevity as solar PV. 

IAEA's Power Reactor Information System (PRIS) is a database of statistics regarding the construction, operation, and capacity of global nuclear energy infrastructure. Extrapolating availability from their public dataset gives a global average of $82.3\%$ (excluding South Africa). 

https://pris.iaea.org/PRIS/WorldStatistics/ThreeYrsEnergyAvailabilityFactor.aspx

This is significantly lower than solar PV systems, which seems unlikely due to solar PV relying on occasional daylight to function. However nuclear plants must abide by more stringent safety protocols, therefore  more time is spend on both restorative and preventative maintenance as it must be carried out with greater frequency and meticulousness. 

For a 1000 $MW$ reactor, repair timelines range from 9, to 80 days depending on the severity of the fault. This has a significant impact on the overall availability of the system. Furthermore, while solar installations have the ability to degrade 'gracefully', maintaining partial functionality even with the loss of some system components, nuclear plants must maintain full operational capabilities so that safety is not compromised.




Furthermore, the output of nuclear facilities is larger than the solar PV infrastructure discussed by a factor of 10000. Considering the trends observed in equivalent availability factor as scale increases, solar PV is predicted to have a much lower $E_{AF}$ at the same scale as nuclear

#### Scalability

Furthermore, the capacity of the nuclear plants evaluated are usually many times the capacity of the solar PV systems. Currently, the smallest SMR plants output between 1 and 10 $MW$, however, it is not uncommon for larger scale nuclear plants output as much as 1000 $MW$. Considering the trend observed in figure X, solar PV systems larger than $\approx$ 2000 $kW$ (2 $MW$) have worse equivalent availability than the average nuclear plant. It is not unreasonable to infer that solar may not be viable at scale. 

[[small_modular_reactors_cop26_flyer.pdf]]

[[ReliabilityPredictionForNuclearPower.pdf]]

It should also be considered the material and time required to 
##### Required and waste materials. 
### Discussion
#### Quality of evidence


#### Extrapolation/Summary of credible findings


#### Improvements and extensions


## Conclusion
