

In your own words, summarise the film’s plot in 5 key stages:

- - Exposition
	The drover's is shown to be capable based on how she deals with a threat to her children (a bull). We see how she handles strangers approaching (with scepticism), and her relationship with the town. 
	
	Some sort of trauma or other mental issue is foreshadowed when the drover's wife struggles to pull the trigger despite the bull threatening her children. 
	- Rising action
    Officer Clintoff investigates the escape of of a convict supposedly responsible for murder. The convict makes their way to Molly's home while the children are in town. Despite her suspicion of the aboriginal man, she is forced into submission due to her water breaking. Molly cuts his chain's off and in return the man buries her stillborn. The man bonds with Molly's oldest son and teaches him how to kill. That night, Molly gifts  
    - Climax
	Some of Molly's husbands friends come looking for him after he misses the drove. They suspect that molly is responsible for his disappearance. Molly is attacked by her husbands mates and raped. The aboriginal man is hung due to his association and the men's suspicion that he is Molly's new lover. Molly takes back her children from the town's lawmakers and sends them off to find her aboriginal relatives, while she is stuck dealing with one of her husbands mates. She then cuts off his weiner.   
    - Falling action
	Molly is convicted and tells Officer Clintoff's wife her story and how she was abused. The children make their way to the cave. 
    - Resolution
	Molly is hung and her children find their relatives. During molly's hanging, nate's wife and others protest for womens rights, however no one cares. They all live happily every after, except for molly, because she is dead.  
- Create a timeline of at least 10 key events in the story (include dates/years if possible).
    
- For each turning point, write:
    
    - What happens?
        
    - Why is this moment important?
        
    - How does it change our view of Molly or the world she lives in?
        


#### The bull appears
##### What happens?
A bull appears and threatens molly and her children. Molly finds her gun, then aims it between the beasts eyes. The hesitates before shooting, and we see a flashback to Molly fighting some man of unknown identity. When she finally shoots the bull, we see her recoil backwards and pant, not due to the physical recoil of the gun, but from the feeling and sight of having shot the animal.  
##### Why is this moment important
This moment shows that Molly is capable with a gun and able to defend her children, but somehow held back by a previous event or altercation.   








- Challenge question (optional):
    
    > What would the story be like if we saw it in chronological order (without flashbacks)? Would it change the impact?