### Claim
In the future, nuclear energy is the best possible energy source for Australia.

### Developing Research question


#### Comparing Energy Sources
Clearly in the future, green energy is going to be Australia's main energy source. Fossil fuel sources are being phased out so there is no use mentioning them. 

Nuclear will be compared to existing green energy sources.
**Which energy source?**
- Solar (PV)
- Hydro
- Wind
- Biomass 
- Biogas

https://www.energy.gov.au/energy-data/australian-energy-statistics/renewables
Some of these , such as hydroelectric energy, do not directly compete with Nuclear energy. Scope of comparison should be limited to the most abundant energy sources that directly compete with nuclear.
From 2022-2023, the amount of energy generated from these has been 
- Solar (PV)
	- 27.3% share
	- 27% 10 year avg annual growth
- Wind
	- 20.4% share
	- 14.7% 10 year avg annual growth
- Biomass
	- 32% share
	- -0.4% 10 year average annual growth. 
	Biomass energy is produced by burning waste products from, among others,  agricultural and lumber adjacent industries. Due to this, biomass derived energy can only expand at the rate of waste generated by these industries. Furthermore, nuclear energy is not a replacement for biomass derived energy as waste products will accumulate either way. Therefore it will be considered adjacent to other energy generation industries, such as hydro, and is unsuitable for direct comparison. 
	https://www.eia.gov/energyexplained/biomass/
	https://powerzone.clarkpublicutilities.com/learn-about-renewable-energy/biomass-energy/

Currently, solar energy is Australia's most abundant and fastest growing renewable energy source. Therefore it will be the basis of this comparison. 

#### What does 'best' mean. 

- Sustainability
	- Environment
	- Cost
	- Scalability

- Land Usage
- Waste Disposal
- Reliability


Clearly since we are comparing renewable, their emissions are already going to be very low. Comparison of waste products could be warranted, possibly against unit of energy generated. 
The cost per unit of energy produced should be considered. 
There are significant differences in land usage between these generation technologies, and the amount of energy that can be produced per unit of land should be investigated. 
Reliability is one of the most important factors in energy generation. If one technology shows significant increase in reliability, this is a significant advantage.
#### Best for environment? (lots of talk recently about renewable/sustainable energy)

[[Nuclear Energy Greenhouse Gas emissions.pdf]]
page 19:
**While these greenhouse gas emissions are expectedly lower than those of fossil technologies (typically 600– 1200 g CO2-e/kWh), they are higher than reported figures**

This one has figures about CO2 per kWh
[[energies-16-03612-v2.pdf]]
#### Refinery

#### Jobs

#### Cost
This paper compares different energy generation technologies based on cost per $kWh$. 
[[GenCost2024-25ConsultDraft_20241205.pdf]]

This one has cost comparisons
[[energies-16-03612-v2.pdf]] 
#### Waste disposal










